# Paste Coordinates into Munzee (Firefox version)

## Introduction

This browser extension adds a button to the Munzee "Edit Location" page to paste in one click both the latitude and longitude from a pair of coordinates in the clipboard.

This saves a bit of time when deploying to a virtual garden. You can now select both the latitude and longitude in the garden spreadsheet and copy them in one go, instead of copying one number, flipping back to the sheet, and copying the other number.

## Installation

To build the Firefox web extension:

* Install web-ext if necessary: ``npm install -g web-ext``
* Get the git repository: ``git clone git@github.com:mortonfox/munz-paste-coords-firefox.git``
* ``cd munz-paste-coords-firefox``
* Pack the extension: ``web-ext build``

The packed extension will be a zip file under the ``web-ext-artifacts`` folder.

To submit the Firefox add-on:

* Log in at <https://addons.mozilla.org>
* Pull down the menu under your name in the top right corner.
* Click on "Submit a New Add-on".
* For "How to Distribute this Version", select "On your own". Then click on "Continue".
* Under "Upload Version", click on "Select a file..." and pick the zip file that was generated by web-ext under ``web-ext-artifacts``.
* After the extension has been validated, click on "Continue".
* For "Do you use any of the following in your extension?", answer "No" and click on "Continue".
* Wait for the add-on to be reviewed.

Mozilla will send you an email once the extension has been reviewed.

To install the extension:

* Go to <https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/addons> and find the extension in the list.
* Click on the extension name.
* Click on "View All".
* Click on the version number.
* Click on the XPI file name to install it.

